00:00 Okay, a couple things on the prospect finder. I would like to add a section under the filters here to allow to filter for life events.
00:18 So that would be, uhm, newborn child, uhm, perhaps moving, like new address, new job title, and then looking at like some of the data from these data providers as well as looking at Finney, they have that capability.
00:40 Uhm, with the data they're piping in. Uhm, so if we can add a field in here under the search filters, uhm, to show, you know, something here, uhm, where we have kind of that, that list of life events, that'd be great.
00:53 Uhm, also, when I'm looking here at the email sequences, uhm, I, and I, I, I would say let's go back to the, uhm, that Fintello product because they, they really do have a good template.
01:11 to create sequences this is just really light I you know you see here we just have like this trigger and then you know it says sign up lead added manual so we might need some more triggers there and then like actual templating I don't know if you plan on including that, uhm, down the road and this is
01:33 just kind of the, the basic initial mock-up but we will have to have this, uhm, have a bit more features, uhm, in order to kind of make this look, look better and a little more customizable.
01:44 possible. Under the AI content generator, I'd like to just change the verbiage instead of AI content, just create content. And then I wanted an option where we could actually select all platforms so then it can kind of build logic into, okay, this is going to be a LinkedIn post, Facebook and an email
02:09 so we need to compile in a way that will, uhm, format for, for all of those, uhm, just kind of to save time.
02:17 Another just really a titling thing or a branding thing, instead of AI assistant, I'd like to say like your marketing assistant here or we could just say AI marketing assistant or just marketing assistant.
02:30 honestly these advisors are still kind of leery of AI so we don't want to just like throw the the word AI we want to just like give them these workflows, have them really engage with these workflows and these features and then you know, they realize, oh, I'm using AI.
02:47 Uhm, I'm pretty happy with this, uh, the easy mode, boss mode. I don't know if I want to keep that verbiage again, uhm, maybe, you know, you just, I, I, I don't know, I just, I don't know if I like easy boss, uh, again that's just kind of Nitpicking the actual verbiage.
03:08 I know we can change that easily overall. I like the look and feel of this Because advisors are already used to using chat GBT, which kind of looks like this anyways, and then you know it gives you kind of your conversation history over here, which is great.
03:22 Uhm, we probably will need to add some features here down the road, like, like some folders and reporting and, and better like kind of storage navigation.
03:34 So advisors can go and, and, uhm, you know, once they have a ton of conversations, they can navigate to all conversations, uh, and, and kind of organize those a bit better.
03:45 But, but so far this, this looks good. So under the compliance queue here for for the advisor access. So I don't know, you know, this one here, like I can go through all of all pending, approved, uhm, we kind of need a next step here on the approved.
04:09 So honestly, if it's approved, most advisors would just want it then to be if it's, you know, here like the platform's email, then this, this be automatically distributed.
04:20 So again, it goes back to like, we need to automate as much as this as possible, uhm, because they hate doing manual workflows.
04:26 So like once this gets approved, boom, it goes out on that LinkedIn, you know, it will send out from her email.
04:33 And then with the rejected, again, I know this is a Figma mock up. So there's not, you know, it's just, it's just a presence of uh, but we need rejected and then I, we need something saying why.
04:47 So some notes, um, some highlights, you know, something indicating why and the logic. So then the advisor knows what to go in and edit and fix.
04:57 And there should be like an edit button right here. So they can just do it right there from the compliance queue, update it, and then put it back into, uh, pending for their compliance person.
05:08 And again, once that compliance person then approves that final one, it gets approved and then it actually gets distributed. So I'm just thinking again workflow logic.
05:17 So when I go to this publishing calendar, this is great. Um, you know, I kind of like the look and feel of this, uh, but also like when they go to create content here, um, just like being able to select multi-platforms, they should be able then to select the dates and time of when that's going out, uh
05:38 , and being distributed. So just want to add that into, um, the feature options here in the workflow. With the LinkedIn outreach piece, I think we should re-watch that Fintello demo because he spent some time talking about, that specific feature, so the LinkedIn outreach feature, and then how you, how
06:05 , you know, you can set it up and stage it, um, and organize it as well as like schedule future, um, you know, outreach.
06:14 Um, so this is, this is okay, but I, I do really like how he has that set up and it's pretty intuitive.
06:22 Then here with the Facebook ads, uh, I'm going to send, um, the screenshots for the form that they have set up.
06:30 Also, I can actually go through the workflow on the Fintello platform. So I'm gonna do that next and then kind of show you guys what it looks, how that looks and feels.
06:42 Because again, this is just kind of sparse in terms of like the features and the setup. Um, I mean, this isn't gonna suffice.
06:50 Again, I know this is like the first kind of crack at this. So, um, but I think we can use that as a jumping off point or a template.
07:01 And you can see here, uh, so I'll go to the Facebook workflow here. So how they have it set up is this guy's already got ads, you know, kind of pre-made ads that he offers all of his, his clients.
07:20 So this is his site. This the canned content. Um, but like if I click on this one, uh, his workflow is, is really quite easy and, and quite intuitive.
07:30 So you go through the title, um, you can select your media. I think we should just use an AI generator to generate just stock photos like this.
07:40 Um, put it in the primary text. Again, we're gonna use AI, um, and the AI feature that, that we're creating, um, to create all of this, but allowing the user to edit, putting a headline, description, is this going to be a landing page or a Facebook lead form?
07:59 I guess he's got like a form creator. Um, we'll just see what that looks like. I'll go to create. Um, so this is pretty cool.
08:09 So, um, it's got kind of a wizard to set up their form. Yeah, I think having a basic form here is, is pretty easy and we can work this in.
08:34 You know just keeping it pretty pretty basic in the beginning, but that's cool that they have that same thing for the landing page.
08:42 Um, so it looks like, what does it say? Generate leads through your website. Okay, so that's like a Eh, maybe we just start out with the form, um, and then we add this down the road unless, you know, it's really easy to set that up.
09:00 Um, and then within his form, you can see, um, he's got, you know, so if somebody clicks on it, what's great about the way he's got to set up is, you know, somebody fills out the form, they're immediately getting emails, and then my vision is, when we create the SMS, they'll get an SMS, an email automatically
09:18 , and it will drip on them. There will be a sequence. AI generated, AI texting, so the advisor doesn't have to do much except just kind of wait for them to respond or schedule an appointment on their calendar.
09:29 Um, I don't really know what this AI assistant does. I think it, yeah, I don't know, so we won't be adding that.
09:39 Um, they can set their budget per day, um, their audience, um, so, um, you know, their specifications on their audience, and then where they want to place these, so if they want to do it on Facebook, Instagram, and also they want to place it on their feed and their Instagram feed.
10:00 Uh, so, yeah, I really like this workflow. I think we can just kind of emulate this template here, um, I guess this is the preview, so this is, um, desktop, uh, looks like phone, uh, and mobile, um, and, uh, and I think it's kind of cool because you can kind of shift through here, so this should be pretty
10:21 easy to add into that, um, that Facebook ad workflow. would like to add something in the analytics dashboard tied to the lead management so when it's close one they don't they don't say like they use the term AUM asset center management so I'd like to kind of add that in here, um, in terms of pipeline
10:44 value, average deal size, the analytics are going to be really important down the road, uh, especially for enterprise, so just having the right nomenclature and then, um, you know, just, just kind of having that built in, um, but then having that in the analytics dashboard too, so, um, showing, you know
11:03 , AUM and be able to track that, uh, through different, you know, in different scenarios. is. Also, Robert, I don't know if I want to do the credit thing.
11:13 I'm still talking to some of these data providers. So, I just want to get an idea of pricing, because, you know, I don't know, this credit thing can get out of control, and also, I don't really understand the back-end economics of it yet.
11:26 So, maybe this is something we add down the road, or we just hide this feature. Um, so anyway, just, yeah, I don't know if I really want to lean into this, but something for sure we should have, um, you know, when we, when we go live, um, and we, you know, push this thing full into production.
11:45 Okay, I'm going to jump to this admin view now, um, And just a couple things here. So like the team reporting same thing.
11:52 I'd like to have like new AUM brought or new new AUM You know clothes brought in whatever we want to phrase it.
12:01 Um, you know, I like the top performer. Um, I don't really know what this compliance rate percentage means, but, uh, you know, I like the idea of it.
12:12 Um, total leads generated, and then something with like AUM here as well. Again, that's like a big metric that most firms, you know, judge performance by.
12:22 Just a couple things on the, um, compliance, so I'm as I'm logged in here as the compliance user I guess I'm just curious and it could be again just this is the base Figma mock-up so there's no actual functionality here but like these that they require immediate review like I come in here, um, you know
12:47 , I say request edits, um, you know, I really can't do anything so I, I, again, I think it's just not editable because it's Figma and you, you know, haven't had that, um, yet but, um, I just want to make sure like this is buttoned up so we can spend some more time here, um, but I just wanted to touch
13:05 on that briefly. Um, I, I like the, uh, internal super admin that you've created for us. I would like to add ARR in here as well and then have some customization on other metrics that we can add in.
13:20 Uh, overall though, I, I think this is, is pretty good, um, for the time being. Uh, I can't really click on any of these yet, again, I, I know you probably haven't, um, added that to the Figma or what that will look like from a workflow standpoint.